trackball:
----------
adjust the +- z_translate to properly handle close zooms
(at the very least let the translate go to the z=0 plane,
 if your're not going to make it data-sensitive)

visualization:
--------------
check if initial 3D slice is out of range with a new sdf,
and adjust accordingly

fix text-vanishing bug --- when view is closed and re-opened

fix curvilinear norm calc
when resizing, change annotation coords as well
colormap editor
auto-resend option when gc_opts parameter is modified
handle zscale=0 better
filters
   --- have at least 2 types of filters
       (i) -- general grid-in   -->  grid(s)-out
       (ii) -- 'stream' filter that just alters a data stream,  
               e.g. to filter out nan's
add thinning mode
fix hidden line
multiple windows
add shininess options
add lighting options
spin 1D/2D data
add axis
with text-support -- deal with xforms control characters spoiling the pop-up entries
loading options --- problems with setting border color gadget
include support for user defined variables on the input screen ---
   i.e. reading a file with [t,var] pairs, eg. [t,mass]. etc.
need level coloring option --- i.e. have a *colormap* per level
need finer render-opts/conversion-opts/etc control -- eg. set register by
   register to have ungrid verison wireframe, AMR version solid, etc ...
make gui report global register level
minimum data-browser size bug
add support for a coloring via a second register (i.e. same colormap ranges,
   etc, but second grid values are used to map to a color)

animation:
----------
add an extra thread (or something similar --- idle call-back, as Matt
suggested)

screen capture:
---------------
interprate ~
consistant file browser selection 

lnx:
----
Why does it take so long to open a canvas?

dv:
---

Fix bug when sending data in the middle of apply_gf(extend)

I bet doing coords(coords) will case a dead-lock,
   --- if an explicit name isn't given, append the coord to 
       the current register name, or something
! FIX adjusting t coordinate --- changes source register's t as well!!

when cloning with cordinate bounding box, may be a bug in the splicing
routine, as sometimes coordinates seem to get shifted by a small
amount (or could just be lack of precision)
see sdfs/clone_bug.sdf  --- clone with "cb=0,1.0938,-1.4062,1.4062"

the power function isn't dealing with infinities/nan's that are produced.

add 2PT time derivative option

port to other machines!
-----------------------

sdftodv
-------

crashes with non-uniform data --- should exit gracefully

nodes for new upgrades:
-----------------------

documentation

changed behavior of cb, to handle slices

install script for DVR ... don't need forms, etc.

reasonably verbose output

need:
   arithmetic support, more langauge features (customizable functions, or
   perhaps an interface to Martin's function tool)

   compiling without forms/gui ... westgrid

   GUI interface to DV_calc

   re. mechanism for sending programs via sdf filenames

   better syntax error reporting

   options to remove/increase verbosity of output

   suggestions for enhancements/filters/functions/etc.

   can work with 'mega' data sets? (i.e. use blocks of '-i' s ?)
   --eg ... convert a register to uniform/unigrid currently
   requires the -a option ... no good for massive files.
   could slice then covert, but ?

   with proper shell scripting can make DVR do 'trivially parallelizable'
   operations ... still no infrastructure for full parallel operations.

   have not addressed strict grid comparison yet. perhaps can link into
   PAMR, to allow one to for instance compose() using the structure
   of A, then 'regrid' to the structure of B. or recompose to 
   sgh's. 
   (but PAMR can only interpolate 1 'level', so if structures are very
   different this won't work).
   
